You gotta pay the troll toll, if you wanna get into that boy’s soul.
So you think not eating cat food is putting on airs?
We’re trying to give you the Christmas spirit, dickhole!
Yippie-kay-yay, Mr. Falcon!
Charlie, make a move. Just tell her you wanna bang her.
Mac, you have an exceptional number of bugs in your teeth. You’re gonna wanna rinse those out. It’s disgusting.
Grain alcohol, baby! Whenever there’s a potential riot, I’m getting blasted on grain alcohol.
Okay, Mr. Mayor. Feast your ears on that Spin Doctors mix.
Dude, do you have a boner right now?
Name’s Artemis. I have a bleached asshole.
And you know what happens with Tokyo drifting? It leads to bickering. Which, of course, leads to karate.
The acid’s makin’ me feel like I gotta take a dump.
Dude, I swear to God, if you try and give me a noogie, I will yank your underwear over your head so hard your asshole will rip in half.
What are you?
Any amount of cheese before a date is too much cheese.
Taked baby. Meet at later bar, night or day sometime.
Smoke some cigarettes. The smoke will suffocate the bacteria in your stomach.
Yeah, well, you’ve never once seen me wash my testicles either, but that doesn’t mean I don’t do it every Friday.
Animals should be food, rugs and trophies. Why do you think I’m wearing a leather suit?
Goddammit, Jack Bauer. You really are the man.
Dennis, you don’t wanna go anywhere near a court. How many bench warrants for sexual misconduct do you have? Yeah, and Frank, how many unregistered guns are in your car right now?
Oh, look at me! The millionaire who goes to see doctors!
I’m just saying, based on that story that you just told me, I’m fairly certain that those Santas were running a train on your mom for money.
Then start breakin’ bricks, wet nips!
RUM HAM! RUM HAM! I’m sorry rum ham! I’m sorry…
You’re a stone cold fox, Margaret. You’re a stone cold fox, and I want you. I gotta have you. I need you. I want you inside me. But you know that, don’t you, Margaret?
Oh, I get it. Cute. You leave this pen here and people are supposed to think, “Wait, that looks like a dick.”
Well, I don’t know how many years on this Earth I got left. I’m gonna get real weird with it.
Here’s a confession: I’m in love with a man. What? I’m in love with a man. A man called God. Does that make me gay? Am I gay for God? You betcha!
Hi. Um, I’m a recovering crackhead. This is my retarded sister that I take care of. I’d like some welfare, please.
I’m not asking you to do much. Just turn a blind eye while I rob this place stupid.
How’s that ass feel?
Isn’t that amazing? You ask to see a woman’s breasts on the street, you get slapped. You give her a free t-shirt and videotape it, and the clothes come right off.
Then, I’ll just regress, because I feel I made myself perfectly redundant.
Do not plug an open wound with trash.
It’s fetish-fetish shit! I like to bind. I like to BE bound!
I’m gonna pinch their dicks with this lobster.
This bar runs on trash, dude. This bar is totally green that way.
Well, maybe you’re a whore, you stupid, ugly, homeless bitch!
Bruce is not banging any baby dudes!
Oh, get a job? Just get a job? Why don’t I strap on my job helmet and squeeze down into a job cannon and fire off into job land, where jobs grow on jobbies?!
Wanna go get sweaty in the bathroom?
I got the Lord. I got the Lord. I got the good Lord, he’s goin’ down on me.
but he plays guys that are normal size in movies.
What is this word, spa? I feel like you’re starting to a say a word and you’re not finishing it. Are you trying to say spaghetti? Are you taking me for a spaghetti day?
I’m not fat. I’m cultivating mass.
Your mom doesn’t know dick! She’s a dumb, fat cow. And your sister, she’s a stupid little shit-mouthed bitch, isn’t she?
TWO wars?! We’re in the midst of two wars all at once–Now the United States of America is engaged in both of these wars?
Roxy, God bless you. You were a good whore. You serviced me like no other whore ever did. Not only my crank, but my heart. And…I’m gonna miss ya. Amen.
You should have seen how passionate he got when I showed him the dick flyer.
It involves pulling up our bootstraps, oiling up a couple of asses and doing a little plowing of our own. Pow!…Not gay sex.
Cat in the wall, eh?! Okay, now you’re talking my language.
I don’t appreciate being paraphrased. Now, I choose my words very deliberately.
We’re gonna get all in your face and point out your faults.
This music sounds like whales raping each other.
Well, that’s gonna be a problem; I laser. It’s like a turtle’s shell down there.
Oh, shit. Look at that door, dude. See that door right there? The one marked “pirate?” You think a pirate
lives in there?
Fight Milk! The first alcoholic dairy based protein drink for bodyguards!
Later, boners.
I’m a…full-on rapist, you know? Uh, Africans, dyslexics, children, that sort of thing.
Bite my bird.
Who am I supposed to vote for? Am I supposed to vote for the Democrat who’s gonna blast me in the ass or the Republican who’s blasting my ass?
Paddy’s shotgun, bro. You get blasted in the mouth!
I eat stickers all the time, dude!
I’m not gonna be buried in a grave. When I’m dead, just throw me in the trash.
Later, dudes. S you in your A’s, don’t wear a C and J all over your B’s.
I hear the guy hangs dong and I’m very interested in seeing that.
THIS ISN’T OVER UNTIL I SAY IT’S OVER!
If you’re in my room, you’re always being filmed.
See, I’ve always got an A, B and C strike plan to get us out of any potentially life-threatening situation.
‘Cause if the girl said “no,” then the answer obviously is “no.” But the thing is, is she’s not gonna say “no.” She would never say “no,” because of the implication.
Oh, you’re definitely gonna end up doing gay porn with this tiny little body of yours.
I got my Magnum condoms; I got my wad of hundreds. I’m ready to plow.
Can I stop you, though? You keep using this word “jabroni.” And…it’s awesome!
Everybody’s dying, bitch.
I’m gonna rise up. I’m gonna kick a little ass. Gonna kick some ass in the U.S.A. Gonna climb a mountain. Gonna sew a flag. Gonna fly on an eagle. I’m gonna kick some butt. I’m gonna
drive a big truck. I’m gonna rule this world. I’m gonna kick some ass. I’m gonna rise up. I’m gonna kick a little ass. ROCK, FLAG AND EAGLE!
Flush that turd down the drain!
I browned out that evening.
See you later, Dirt Grub and Ronnie the Rat. Hope you suck each other’s rotten peckers until you get mouth cancer.
Boys are out tonight, huh?
I will SMASH your face into a- into a jelly!
So come on, you ol’ son of a gun, and let Buster do a line off your boner.
Oh, you unzipped me! It’s all coming back! It’s all coming back; I hate you! It’s all coming back, you understand?! I DON’T LIKE IT! I DON’T LIKE TO THINK ABOUT IT!
Dayman, fighter of the Nightman, champion of the sun, you’re a master of karate and friendship for everyone. Dayman!
I will eat your babies, bitch!
I shoulda popped my shirt off. Goddammit, really shoulda popped that shirt off.
Wildcard, bitches! Yee-haw!
Dennis, if I was looking for safe, I wouldn’t be sticking my dick through a wall.
Is your cat making TOO MUCH NOISE ALL THE TIME?
Hey-o! What’s up, bitches!
